[Music]
my parents are from different worlds
my father was a lighthouse keeper my
mother was queen but life has a way of
bringing people together could unite our
worlds one day and now is a product of
the love that never should have been a
son of the land and the Sun of disease
they may be what I am
mother always knew you were special
buddy you got fish boy from the TV it's
fish man you get unite our worlds one
day the lamb
[Music]
I'm not kidding I'm oh boy you are part
of something deeper I can see that can
you
listen to come aboard
[Music]
I've been looking for you your half
brother King arm is about to declare war
upon the surface world
the only way to stop this war is for you
to take your rightful place as king
trust me I know can't you do your best
thinking when you're not thinking at all
that was the worst pep talk ever
[Music]
we're getting close now oh yeah close to
what dying a thirst
there's no way Atlantis with this far
inland check this place out
[Music]
nothing of course it's not working it's
been sitting here collecting dust since
before the Sahara was a desert before
the Sahara was a desert you do your best
thinking when you're not thinking at all
right in a whole stone hey what are you
doing we need water you're the closest
source
[Music]
sure I could've just peed on it
in this Trident resides the power of
Atlantis
if you seek my power
journey beyond the edge of the world to
the hidden sea
the Romans
it would bring destruction
but enhance the truhair
it would unite all our kingdoms and run
below what should we have written it
down first I memorized it didn't you
oh yeah what are you say something
something Trident the Beast has awakened
the time has come
for Atlantis to rise again
the hell are you
[Music]
oh is awesome
coming to the surface
you are not going to win this
my brother has come from a service
chose me for the throne I got an ass
whoopin
yes we'll die unless you help us
I'm no leader
not King
[Music]
plenty space always had a king now I
need something more
but what could be greater than a king a
[Music]
hero this is gonna be fun
[Applause]
no leader
came because I had no choice
I can't save my home and the people that
I love you think you're on medieval lead
which is your two different worlds
that is exactly why you are worthy
what are you doing parachutes
[Music]